to take you YouTube and welcome back to
the gentleman's corner my name is Erick
broad and in today's video we are going
to be doing a review on none other than
Keys Handley uncomplicated skincare for
men now to shanley was started by fellow
youtuber Aaron Marino who you may
recognize from alpha M or trousers hair
product and Pedro or maybe you've
actually been to his conference an
influential that goes on every February
I will be that and slowly all the
YouTube channels and his men were actual
website listed and linked down in the
description now aside from the
accomplishments of its owner T family
has actually really been making a name
for itself in the skincare community and
its attempt to try and really follow
through with the philosophy of his
tagline uncomplicated skincare for men
now if you subscribe to Aaron of alpha M
or any of his other YouTube channels and
you listen to any of his quite numerous
product clogs forty gently he actually
makes some really good points when he
talks about men's skincare men skincare
really has a tendency to overcharge you
to their product and kind of treat you
like a woman if you know what I mean and
it's for that very reason that I really
admire what Keyes Henley is doing and
they're trying to take more masculine
approach to this because in the past and
I'm sure you guys can agree with me on
this is that skincare and fashion and
style and everything like that has been
more of a female sort of demographic and
more of a female sort of inclination and
Aaron as well as myself it's kind of a
little bit of an outdated term but we're
metrosexuals and we care about stuff
like this and we want to provide the
best possible experience to people of
similar mindsets now according to teach
Hanley's claims it serves to mainly
accomplish two main goals and that's to
offer uncomplicated skin care for men
and that's really nice to see because
you see like all of these different men
getting care companies Libya does
Proactiv Neutrogena even and it gives
you all of these products and you have
to like really read the fine print in
order to know how much to use and when
to use it and la Vida in order to make
sure that they don't follow the same
trend t family has actually done a
really cool thing and in every single
one of the system that you buy you'll
get a little card like this where it
will show you how much you use when to
use it and it pretty much gives you all
of the information out of it all of the
products in all of the systems and that
is absolutely fantastic
nything their next main goal is actually
offer it at a lower and more affordable
price point you see the other men's skin
care companies in there for sixty
seventy eighty dollars in total for like
buying like a full system and with tea
generally they have totally blown it out
of the water they offer you three
different systems one kind of basic the
next one your kind of like mid-level and
the third one's kind of like your mack
daddy and it's twenty-five thirty-five
and forty five dollars respectively plus
taxes and shipping and handling
obviously also aside from offering the
lower price point and a more affordable
skin care plus making it uncomplicated
unlike other skin care companies I would
also argue that it's a higher quality
product you look at dog you look at
Nivea you look at Proactiv Neutrogena
many of them I've tried them at least
once and I have not seen the results
that I have with Cheech family I'm not a
super like acne ridden guy I do have
oily skin but yeah I've never like been
the subject of like super massive
breakouts but that's not to say that
I've never gotten acne and honestly tea
family has been fantastic and what
little I did have before has pretty much
disappeared and what I still do have is
practically invisible not only that but
my skin feels so amazing results also I
thought it would be a really great idea
to show you guys how uncomplicated this
skincare system really is
with a quick tutorial first up is your
daily face wash which you applied twice
a day each morning and I sweat your face
with warm water squeeze the nickel-sized
amount of washing your hands gently
working it into your face to remove
excess oils dirt and grime rinse and pat
dry next up is your facial exfoliating
scrubs exfoliate to remove dead skin and
rejuvenate only twice a week after wash
gently massage and nickel-sized amount
all over your face and then circular
motion rinse and pat dry take the days
that best fit your routine as it you
only need to apply it twice a week next
up in your system is the super serum use
the powerful anti-aging super serum by
dispensing one full pump of the super
serum and apply to your entire face and
forehead you can allow it a soak in
before applying your eyes but you don't
necessarily have to it is very important
to put on your a.m. moisturizer with SPF
20 when using the serum during the day
and going out in the Sun also please
bear in mind that the super serum is
only available in the level 3 system
next up and only available in levels 2 &
3 is your eye cream take care of your
eyes by dispensing one full pump of the
anti-aging eye cream and apply evenly
around your eyes especially to the outer
corners prone to crow's feet
caution avoid getting into your eye next
up and the final step in your daily
skincare routine is moisturization and
tea shanlee comes with both an a.m. and
a p.m. moisturizer for the am having an
SPF of 20 protect your skin with the
a.m. moisturizer with SPF by squeezing a
pea-sized amount in your hands and
evenly distributing on your face and
neck repeat as necessary for the p.m.
moisturizer before you go to bed however
YouTube that is all that I have for you
guys today I really hope that you guys
enjoyed this review and if you want to
see more stuff like this please like
comment and subscribe down below if you
have not done so already you can follow
me on instagram I will leave my tag
alerts in the link down the description
or please go drop a like on my new
Facebook page which I will also leave
listed and linked down below also if you
guys like content that is similar to
this I will also leave Aaron Marino's
as well as alpha M YouTube channel ISM
link down in the description also a link
to page comm if you have not already
tried the skin care system you need to
need to need to if I have to score this
out of ten maybe eight point five nine
but no questions asked
however that's enough of me blathering I
always hope that you guys have an
excellent day and please check out the
links that are posted down in the
description